I still see Iran in the mountains.
I see Iran in the mountains again.
I see nuclear facilities in the mountains.
It's like in a ridge.
There's a mountain over here, there's a mountain over here, and a mountain over here.
But there's a facility hidden on the inside of this mountain.
It's on the inside of this side, on the right-hand side.
The Houthis are a distraction from what the true mission is.
What's going on over here is trying to keep busy from what they truly are trying to do.
This is a distraction.
This is to deter Trump, do you see?
This is to try to cause mud in the water.
This is mud in the water, trying to deter, a sleight of hand from what's truly going on over here.
We'll distract you in the water, we'll distract you with the boats, we'll distract you with this so that you don't focus over here.
And there'll be an acceleration of this in the days ahead with more acceleration of distraction.
But you're not distracting Israel.
They know what you're doing.
They've been on the trail for a while now.
I pray for all Secret Service, the spies.
We pray for protection.
We pray for the people uncovering this darkness, for this would cost their lives if they were found.
We call peace.
We call a divine hedge of protection, that what the devil means for bad, You're going to turn it around for good, Father, for they're on both sides.
But there's a mole within.
There's a mole again.
I see a mole in our own facility and a mole in our own government.
It's one person.
I see one person, and they are trying to do this secretly.
They try to devise the plans of what we're trying to do secretly.
We call this mole found, we call the mole uncovered.
We say in the name of Jesus, you are uncovered.
Even after work, even when they get off, they're trying to communicate in a way that will not get them caught, through an avenue of hidden communication.
And it's almost a deciphered code only they would know how to do.
Certain words with certain letters, they're like numbered.
It's not family they're talking to.
It's like it goes from telephone to telephone, relayed twice—one and then another.
It goes deeper.
It's a deep trail.
It's not directly to them.
It goes from here to here to here.
No, it's twice—one and then there.
I see it.
This is well thought out.
We pray over our servicemen and women in Iraq.
We pray for our bases in Iraq.
We pray a hedge of blood around and about them right now from any surprise attack.
We pray a hedge around and about our servicemen and women in the name of Jesus, that no weapon formed against them would prosper.
Every tongue that rises against them, we condemn it.
We command it in the name of Jesus to bow its knee.
We pray a hedge of blood around Iraq.
We pray for wisdom for Trump making these decisions ahead.
It's like a chess match.
He needs wisdom.
We pray for wisdom for his mind.
We pray for the people that are around him, not to think with a reprobate mind.
We pray a hedge around and about his mind.
We thank You, Lord, that he thinks through You to a higher level than he's ever thought before.
Because he can go this way, or you can go this way, or you can go this way, but it's making the right choice.
Making the right choice, because this choice will turn out a new outcome, and another one another outcome, but praying for the right choice.
He has to see, like chess, how many steps ahead.
It's not just one move; it's seeing the other moves before he needs to move.
What will this do if you make this one, so that you're always ahead?
It's not just playing one position at a time; it's playing five positions at a time.
I see him.
He needs to make strategic plans.
He's running them through his mind right now, measuring each decision, whether or not what he should be doing is strategic.
But he needs not his plan, but the Holy Ghost's plan.
So we pray for his mind.
We pray for his spirit to catch it.
We catch it right now in the name of Jesus out of the realm of the Spirit.
We catch it and we pull it to him.
We catch it for him.
We catch it for the body of Christ.
He may not know how to pray through it, but we pray it.
We bring it forth in the name of Jesus.
The divine plan of knowing what to do to make the step to go right through, not just what we think is right in our own mind, but what is right by what the hand of the Lord says, what the voice of the Lord would say.
We call it forth in the name of Jesus.
Trying to poke the beehive, that's what they're going to do.
I see it.
They try to stir it up over here.
It's sleight of hand, folks.
I see it.
They want to stir it up over here to keep you occupied over here.
It's what they're hiding in the mountains.
We call those hostages released.
We call the rest of the hostages released.
If there are any more alive, we call the hostages released.
We take authority over this demonic spirit that tries to rule over this area, that tried to kill these people, these hostages.
Father, we thank You, Lord.
The very pit they dug, the very trap they've dug—this is the only leverage they have anymore.
They can't give away all their cards.
They can't reveal all their guard.
Oh, there's so much here.
This is not just a one-time project.
The Lord says this is many days of prayer.
He said even what's going on with Russia—the backup plan—they want all of it.
They want all of Ukraine.
He wants the whole thing: the old Russia, the old Soviet Union, building back every building block that was taken.
Everything that was taken, they want it back.
This is not just a plan for now.
This is a plan that's drawn out for like a decade.
This is a plan like their time clock is that 'we want our old land back, we want it all back,' even if it takes 20 years, 30 years.
I see a long, drawn-out plan.
This isn't just a window we are only seeing right here.
They're thinking chess, too.
This is way deeper.
This is way deeper by Putin, way deeper than just thinking of a war with.
This is bigger.
But North Korea doesn't want to be underneath this anymore.
They want to come out and be in free trade.
They want to be able to be a part of World Trade.
And there are things being said, with Russia promising them a better tomorrow for the price of war for this.
Help us.
They're sending troops.
They're sending aid.
They're sending bombs and missile things to help.
You help us, we'll help you.
It's with the BRICS.
It's interesting to me, Diana, that Iran is still out over here.
I see Iran is like a stepchild over here, more than what they want to do with North Korea.
There's more about North Korea, and it's because they have nuclear capabilities.
There's darkness over here, greater with what North Korea has that's secret.
The weapons they have are secret.
There's something more dangerous over here that they have.
I see they're offering them something greater that North Korea has.
You've got to come up higher.
I hear Him say it again.
There are many prophets that are prophesying down on this level, but you must come up higher and prophesy from the throne room.
The higher the level, the greater the ability to see.
You cannot see when you're too close to the situation.
You must come up higher in prayer.
And you will see from the eagle eye, from the throne, from the third, looking down, you're able to see higher.
But when you're only able to see in front of you down here, they must come up higher in prayer.
They say one thing right here because they're only looking at this level.
But if they come up here, they will be able to see down into it better.
Trump put a kink in the hose.
They're trying to figure out how to maneuver around it because they know he doesn't bluff.
If Kamala Harris would have won, it would have been a very bad situation.
But we have a window.
We pray for his safety.
We pray for Trump's safety and for his children.
We pray that no attempts on his life would be successful.
We pray for him to be covered by the blood, Father, and for the angels of the Lord to camp around him.
Father, in this window of divine prosperity, in this window of divine increase and acceleration, we will have the glory of the Lord.
2025, 2026, 2027, the glory of the Lord.
We pray for his protection.
We must pray for Trump and protection over his marriage, over his children, and over the judges.
We call this persecution from the judges down.
This is demonic.
I see it.
There is demonic influence behind this, and it's on a greater scale than what people realize because it's being funded by very dark people.
I told you these dark people are funding it now.
There's this judge that's in the way of what's going on.
There's more to rise up.
I see one, and there are two more to rise up.
There are more people coming on the scene, darker people coming.
They're trying to stop and cause roadblocks, even in the decisions in the next two to three years, trying to roadblock and stop these things.
But the Lord says He's got this.
We pray and call for an exposing.
We call for favor in the Supreme Court.
Amy Coney Barrett, we call her heart to turn back right.
We call her turning right.
There's demonic influence; I see them messing with her.
We have to pray for our judges.
They are under great demonic pressure.
We pray a hedge around them, that the angels of the Lord will camp around them and war on their behalf right now in the name of Jesus.
Father, may they war on our behalf.
She's the deciding factor.
Big decisions are with her and John Roberts.
There is demonic influence on him.
We have to have them for the decisions that will come.
We must pray for these two people on a greater scale, for great decisions will be in the balance for acceleration because they're coming against these judges, and there are two more judges rising up.
I saw these bad people, but they're being influenced by satanic funding and the agenda of the Democratic Party's dark judges.
Do you see how it all just keeps building?
And as I pray, the Lord keeps giving me more.
He shows me things and what's going on in America, but He's also showing me what's over here.
That's how it goes; He'll just keep giving me pieces of the puzzle and say, 'Look, I want you to look.
' So now I'm showing you all, so there are many of you who can take a piece of it and help pray over it.